Fix badge and fix installation instructions (#51)
jenkinsci/gitlab-branch-source-plugin: README.md

        -w <path-to-jenkins-war>
    ```
    
2. Install from Jenkins Update Center. Go to Jenkins > Configure > Manage Plugins > Available and search for `gitlab branch source plugin` then select Install.

3. From Source:

    i. Checkout out source code to your local machine:
    

>          git clone https://github.com/baymac/gitlab-branch-source-plugin.git -b master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         git clone https://github.com/baymac/gitlab-branch-source-plugin.git
```

    
        6. Select `Install without restart`
	

> 4. Download latest release (`gitlab-branch-source-1.2.1.hpi`) from [here](https://repo.jenkins-ci.org/releases/io/jenkins/plugins/gitlab-branch-source/1.2.1/gitlab-branch-source-1.2.1.hpi) and manually install.

Reviewer: Might be better with a permalink and avoid mentioning the version here. That's what you have the badge for in the top :)
```suggestion
4. Download latest release from [here](http://updates.jenkins.io/latest/gitlab-branch-source.hpi) and manually install.
```
